#LyX 1.6.7 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 345
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\language english
\inputencoding auto
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\author "" 
\author "" 
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
What if...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
...I could rewrite ES
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Preambule
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The goal of this document is to compile all thoughts around ES behaviors
 and technical architecture.
 It concentrates all ideas or suggestions in order to elaborate a full new
 design from scratch.
 Some designs are proposed, sometimes as rough thoughts and sometimes with
 implementation details.
 Existing code and/or migration is not the main part of such document, and
 could be the subject of a dedicated document or section later.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The main underlying thoughts of the design are scalability and extensibility.
 The goal is to propose a solution that could scale by simply adding new
 nodes and that could be enhanced/customized using extension points.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
[@OBSOLETE] In the first part of the document, i'll introduce main concepts
 and common designs used in all the document.
 The second part will describe the business model, the main components and
 theirs extensions points.
 The third part will deal with implementation details and persistence issue.
 The fourth part would certainly deal with distribution and visibility managemen
t.
 The fifth part would deal with Knowledge base.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Recommended Lectures
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
name "Enterprise Integration Patterns"
target "http://www.enterpriseintegrationpatterns.com/eaipatterns.html"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
name "Domain-Driven Design: Tackling Complexity in the Heart of Software"
target "http://domaindrivendesign.org/books"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset include
LatexCommand include
filename "chap-common-patterns.lyx"

\end_inset


\begin_inset CommandInset include
LatexCommand include
filename "chap-ubiquitous-language.lyx"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset include
LatexCommand include
filename "chap-lets-go.lyx"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
